OSSMDOC-147: Add troubleshooting page. (#29410)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/ossm-troubleshooting-operators.adoc

// Module included in the following assemblies:
// * service_mesh/v2x/-ossm-troubleshooting-istio.adoc

[id="ossm-troubleshooting-operators_{context}"]
= Troubleshooting service mesh Operators

If you experience Operator issues,

* Verify your Operator subscription status.
* Verify that you did not inadvertently install a community Operator.

> * You can only install Operators through the OpenShift console, the OperatorHub is not accessible from the command line.

Reviewer: "Operators can only be installed through the OpenShift console. The OperatorHub is not accessible from the command line."

Maybe?
+1 for it not really belonging here though

// Module included in the following assemblies:
// * service_mesh/v2x/-ossm-troubleshooting-istio.adoc

[id="ossm-troubleshooting-operators_{context}"]
= Troubleshooting service mesh Operators

If you experience Operator issues, verify your Operator subscription status.  Also verify that you did not inadvertently install a community Operator.

> The Operator installation steps include verifying the Operator status in the OpenShift console.  You can also verify the Operator pods are available and running in the `openshift-operators` namespace with the following command:

Reviewer 2: To troubleshoot something you have first to understand what this something does. I am missing a link to what the Service Mesh Operator does in a high level view, and then point out what are the possible issues and its side effects that each step of this high level view. Only looking at the logs we are relying entirely in the quality of the log messages only (which we also target to to high quality info), and even though ignoring the fact that understand all steps the operator does to have the Service Mesh setup is crucial to the end user attempt to solve the problem. If there's no plan now to explain it to the user, at least we have to track this requirement.

Author: @tvieira Good point.  Could you create a ticket for that and attach it to the troubleshooting Epic (https://issues.redhat.com/browse/OSSMDOC-253)?  This is only the skeleton of the Troubleshooting info, there's more to come.

Reviewer 2: Done - https://issues.redhat.com/browse/OSSMDOC-294 Thanks @JStickler !

* Verify that you did not install a community version of the Operator, instead of the supported Red Hat version.

> * You can install Operators only through the OpenShift console, the OperatorHub is not accessible from the command line.
> * You must have the `cluster-admin` role to install {ProductName}.
> * Check for any errors in the Operator pod logs if the issue is related to installation of Operators.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Verify that you have the `cluster-admin` role to install {ProductName}.
* Check for any errors in the Operator pod logs if the issue is related to installation of Operators.

[NOTE]
====
You can only install Operators through the OperatorHub in the OpenShift web console. The OperatorHub is not accessible from the command line.
====
```

Suggestion - I'd make the one that seems out of place in the list a note instead and make the others consistent with "verify..."

== Viewing Operator pod logs

You can view Operator logs by using the `oc logs` command. Red Hat may request logs to help resolve support cases.

.Procedure

> . To view Operator pod logs, enter the command:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* To view Operator pod logs, enter the command:
```

bullet instead of # since this procedure is just one step

> //Does Elasticsearch not have an operator pod?

Reviewer 3: I think it likely does have an operator pod, but we don't deploy it by default.
